---
title: Lesson 1 18th Jan
layout: _Post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /untitled-document/
source-id: 1-4R8KrufShtAF27p0cLCeNyMz9kibGbwWLys5PGKjH0
published: true
---
Lesson 1

To start off the lesson we log in to our computers and go to our github have everything ready as per usual. I usually have my blog on one other monitor just to make sure everythings working. After that we will either stay at our stations and wait for further orders or come to the front of the classroom. An then be given with instructions and then go off to our places and complete everything we've been taught.

In this case that wasn't the scenario this time we learnt about media how we know barely anything about it! We learnt Media isn’t just about: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, snapchat etc, that that is only one compartment of it the social part called social media. Media can be many things such as paintings and TV, staying on the topic of TV our main point of the lesson as well is adverts.

Adverts what are they those annoying things that stop you from watching your show. Yes that is one point of what they are, but a big one is in the name advert which add a few letters is advertise. Advertising means putting a video or picture to make you feel you MUST get this item. The other point they have such as the advertising of cars. For cars their main point of advertising is making their car look better than the others or making the new one look better than the old one that is one of the points we covered in the lesson. On the point of making one car look better than the others, two manufacturers might be thinking like this ferrari think "Our car must be better than lamborghini." An lamborghini think their car must be better than ferrari. 

We watched an advert on kia and discussed the main points including text and subtext and target market and found out loads of details you might not think about while watching an advert. We thought about the colour of the car the people around it the main point and realised why it would be successful and what it would make people think.

This is my first lesson covered on my blog thank you for reading

