---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1vaDGj9XiXbMWCjXg5DQW2f1VaeDYtEzp9x3fnqSbw7Q
published: true
---
Lesson 4

To start off the lesson we will come to our stations log on to our computers have our homework on the screen on the other I might sometimes have my blog there and then we go to the front and wait for further orders. During this time as per usual he will say go grade each other's homework. 

We shared a doc with a three and made a list of 10 rules of using social media we managed to do 22 with time for some facts. We listened to other peoples and all came to the same conclusion stay safe and have fun. Shortly after that we went back to the front and watched a shocking video on how much people use their phones in bed people can't stop texting when having lunch everyone's on their phone even the extreme cases with people trying to make a toast and then the phone user will take a selfie with that moment leaving the person making a toast look silly then now the worst one it’s a birthday party and they are all videoing and texting as the cake comes with candles. 

We looked into twitter finding out facts about how bad people have used it. We watched a video on a song about twitter with people posting themselves walking pretty much anything. They make twitter seem soo good when you post anything and they try to say it will complete your life. Then again funnily enough the people in the film are all those disney princesses and prince charmings since they look good they make anyone else feel they should have it.

Thanks for reading 

From the Author

