---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1E8R3vcZre8-wHTOrGwXbU_aFxnSz_pKMAOCmtfUR8tg
published: true
---
Lesson 6

In this lesson as per usual but with change we went to our seats but this time in alphabetical order sat down whipped out our projects also known as identity maps and got a piece of a4. For nearly the whole lesson we went around giving comments to other class members. After all this we got our grades and then saw what we had for homework here are the questions

1. I was thinking about the ideas it says you can use so I thought what's personal to me about those statements.

2.I didn't realise the class would see all of it but anyway I think they would of learnt much about me.

3. I quite enjoyed commenting so they have a constructive idea of how to improve and then they see a wide range of opinions.

4. I would rather stay with the way we did so we wouldn't change opinions for friends and would be subtle.

5. There were some surprises to the comments most were better than I was hoping for. I enjoyed reading through them.

6. It actually isn't much different to commenting online know one knows who it is and people in this scenario feel they can say what they want as I saw in comment.

7. I can't really answer this question since I don’t really have any social media including this example of question.

8. Again can't give an answer for this question.

9. I learnt quite a bit about social media after the lessons how it changes lives and how there are bad and good sides of it and that there are careless people out there. I also learnt how careful you have to be out there.

10. Definitely I either want to use it for business purposes and to keep up with family or to help study with friends.

