---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1_qVxvecX1dXkWx-nnvnabdoxuHkgliEN48VyoqKdnbY
published: true
---
Lesson 2

To start off the lesson as usual we come to our stations log on have our computers ready for action and then either wait to be called to the front of the classroom or automatically go there. 

To start off we checked our homework and looked at the grids we filled out. We put the grids on our screens for someone to come and mark and then everyone marked different pieces of work. Once that was done we came to the front and were told what we'd be doing for a game, then we went and played it and here's what it was. 

The game consisted of questions our teacher would ask us and we would either agree or disagree or go in the middle-ish etc. When we had done this game with about 30 questions we would sit down, most of the questions were on reality TV and media. After the game we returned to our stations and came to the front of the classroom and were asked to raise our hands if our answers were changed by what others did or did we feel surprised when others did other things for the game. 

Later on we saw a mcdonalds video on youtube to see why does the advertised burger look so different to what we get in the store and we saw that in the store it takes about 1 minute to make the burger and in the advert it takes days as the make the burger design it and once taken a few pictures they look at it on computer and get rid of the whole were the sesame seeds were and melt the cheese to make it look amazing. So they make it look as if every burger is like the advertised one.

We discussed all the facts and got to the conclusion what they do works they make the burger look perfect and then their customers go and buy one. Another way they make people like them through the video is being honest they go to the restaurant and order a quarter pounder and see how different it is to the advertised one being honest makes everyone like you.

Thank You 

For reading

